feat: plugin `deployment-github-actions-aws-ecs` (#212)
amplication/plugins: plugins/deployment-github-actions-aws-ecs/README.md

The `ecs_cluster_name` setting requires the name of the cluster that was created in the pre-requisites.

The `ecs_role_name` setting requires the name of the role that will be used when executing the task definition on the cluster. This means that there are some permissions that are needed based on the use-case. As was shown in the previous paragraph there are some permission that are required by default when running the generated service.

The `sm_secret_name` setting requires the name + automatically added suffix - e.g. `secret-name-JzvSgm"` - of the secret created in AWS Secret manager. As was shown in the previous paragraph, the secret should contain the four secrets that are required for the generated service to start: `BCRYPT_SALT`, `JWT_EXPIRATION`, `JWT_SECRET_KEY`, `DB_URL`.

The `resources` sub-category allows the user to specify the `cpu` and `memory` to be allocated to the task/service in question. As there are some constraints between the two it would be adviced to look at the different task sizes in the [documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/task_definition_parameters.html#task_size).

> The `runime` sub-category, allows the user to specify the `os_family` with their applicable `cpu_architecture`. Examples for the `os_family` are `WINDOWS` & `LINUX`, as our generated service are almost always ran on the latter, this has been selected as the default. Examples for `cpu_architecture` within the `os_family` > `LINUX` are `X86_64` but also `ARM64` could be used if desired.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `runtime` sub-category allows the user to specify the `os_family` with their applicable `cpu_architecture`. Examples for the `os_family` are `WINDOWS` & `LINUX`. As our generated service is almost always ran on the latter, this has been selected as the default. Examples for `cpu_architecture` within the `os_family` > `LINUX` are `X86_64`, but also `ARM64` could be used if desired.
```
